And so
one question that has probably come up and
is asked a lot right now is regarding
the migration of Vue 2 to Vue 3.
And so as it stands right now,
Vue 3 as a whole, the too long,
didn't read, the TLDR is that
if you have a legacy Vue 2 app,
you probably should be waiting to migrate
to Vue 3, and for the following reasons.
One, Vue 3 at this point
doesn't support IE 11.
So if that is any part of your user base,
and you need the support, and you haven't
basically deprecated it on your side,
then yes, 100% Vue 3 is a no-go for you.
That's not to say it's not coming,
in fact,
they're currently working on the polyfill,
basically the legacy bundle that will
then backfill the support to that.
But that is not happening until,
I believe, later this year.
And then, of course,
sometimes deadlines can push back, so
it might even be early next year for
all we know.
And if it does take like that, that is
definitely gonna be a showstopper for
people who need to migrate.
The other thing as well is that if
you have a lot of dependencies,
the general advice is please wait
until those are officially migrated.
Two key examples of this are if
you have a component library
that you're relying on,
like beautify, for example.
Then checking out their roadmap to see
when exactly their release date is
to support Vue 3 features.
And to integrate properly into
the Vue 3 architecture is gonna
basically be your milestone for
waiting until it's ready to upgrade.
And similarly, a lot of people using
Vue 2 are also using Knucks for many,
many great reasons that I sort of
referred to earlier, Knucks is awesome.
But if you're using nuxt, this does mean
that you want to wait till Knucks 3,
which I have confirmation
is actively in development.
So I'm really excited to see
when Knucks 3 comes out.
But wait for Knucks 3, right, and so
that's the other thing I forgot to
mention before I move on to this piece.
The other thing too with migration is
that for those who weren't here for
the Vue 1 to Vue 2 major upgrade.
There actually is going to be a migration
tool to help analyze your code bundle and
provide basically recommendations for
the best path to upgrade.
And on top of that, right,
similar to the Vue ethos, if anything,
we know that we can go ahead and
swap out for you.
Cuz we know that it's just a programmatic
thing from if this API changed to
something that can just be swapped out,
the migration tool will help
you do that automatically.
And so for a lot of people,
especially if you have a large code base,
this will save you a ton of time.
And so in this regard,
go ahead and wait, wait for
the migration tool to come out,
the IE combat build, go ahead and update.
Then it will be worth the effort to go
ahead and upgrade your app at that point.
The other thing I wanna bring up too
is that I know a lot of people here,
when we talk about major version upgrades.
Typically, it comes with some thing
that you really wanna use and
you can't use until you
have that major upgrade.
And the idea with Vue 2 to Vue 3 was to
really keep a lot of the core features and
ideas that Vue 2 has.
And then basically make it smaller, make
it faster, to make it more performant, and
then make it more compatible with
typescript and those things.
But we talked about types of earlier
regarding don't worry about migrating
those things.
But more importantly, the number one
feature that everyone really wants with
Vue 3 is the composition API.
And so as I mentioned earlier, you don't
have to wait till Vue 3 to use that.
You can integrate that
directly into your Vue 2 app,
and start playing with it, and
leveraging it for your applications.
And so hopefully, this helps to
mitigate a little of the FOMO effect,
also known as fear of missing out,
like we need to hurry up and be on Vue 3.
Don't worry about it,
I assure you, your app will come
to a point where the ecosystem is
ready and you can migrate safely.
And then the team will be really happy,
so.
[LAUGH]